Add support to testing.RaisesGroup for catching unwrapped exceptions (#2989)
python-trio/trio: newsfragments/2989.feature.rst

> :ref:`testing.RaisesGroup` can now catch unwrapped exceptions with ``strict=False``, similar to ``except*``.

Reviewer: Undefined label is making Sphinx fail, maybe we want e.g.

```suggestion
:class:`trio.testing.RaisesGroup` can now catch unwrapped exceptions with ``strict=False``, similar to ``except*``.
```

> :class:`trio.testing.RaisesGroup` can now catch an unwrapped exception with ``unwrapped=True``, similar to ``except*``.

Reviewer 2: It should also mention `flatten_subgroups`.  Please also update PR description with this info (including deprecation of `strict`.
